Update readme to reference feather v0.4.4 and be more understandable (#17)
ingresso-group/feather-demo: README.md

</html>
```

![Alt text](example.png?raw=true)

## Authentication

### Getting Authenticated

We have a demo user set up, that allows you to create an auth token for our demo so that you can experiment with the seat chart.

#### 1. Get an auth token
```bash
curl https://b2b.ingresso.co.uk/api/b2b/ -u "demo:demopass" -ik
```

> This will have an `x-b2-b-token` in the response header

Reviewer: Is this header name correct? or should it be `x-b2b-token`?
```suggestion
This will have an `x-b2b-token` in the response header
```

Author: OH damn, good catch! 😓 I used VScode's convert to kebab case on `X-B2B-Token` and didn't realise it changed it to that!

Fixed 👉 https://github.com/ingresso-group/feather-demo/commit/5875850eada10a7c01f46b112d4d41b4808d018d
